what's up guys Joe here and today we
take a look at this rugged armor case
from spigen for the Apple watch now
before you say anything I know many of
you are gonna be like Joel why do you
have a case on the Apple watch now when
you think of a case you probably think
of a device being protected from jobs
and things of that sort and this is not
necessarily something that will protect
your Apple watch from a drop because
you're gonna be wearing it on your wrist
this is gonna be simply something to
protect your Apple watch when you are
wearing on your wrist when it comes to
bumping into walls or things like that
maybe if you're not that clumsy you
won't bump into walls but when it comes
to general movement and bumping your
wrist on a surface you could always
damage your watch and then get things
like scratches or even worse maybe a
couple scrapes or something depending
what you bump your wrist on now I know
from many years of wearing watches I
tend to bump my wrist on a variety of
things causing slight damage to my
watches with this being a smart watch
you probably would want to avoid those
things from happening so that is where
this case for the Apple watch comes in
the rugged armored case from spigen is
made from TPU material and has cutouts
for the mic speakers heart rate monitor
on the back and the digital crown now
the side button is covered with a
metallized button which is more of a
plastic button now you'll still be able
to use it as normal with the case
doesn't affect when it comes to swiping
gestures or when using the digital crown
and even when pressing the side button
it still feels like you're pressing a
button now one of the main reasons that
this rugged armor from spigen attracted
me was the fact that it reminds me a lot
of g-shock and as you may know or if you
don't I like wearing G Shock watches
those are the main watches I typically
wear on a daily basis and this rugged
armor case sort of reminds me of that
now I picked up this case for the 42
millimeter Apple watch you can also pick
it up for the 38 millimeter
it comes in black and white and they're
relatively cheap so if you want to go
ahead and check that out I'll leave a
link down below in the description but
pretty much that is the rugged armor
case for the Apple watch I want to know
your thoughts below do you think it's
silly of even wearing something like
this on your watch or is this something
that you would actually pick up now
personally I won't be rocking this all
the time but it may be something I'd
consider if I was gonna go do something
not extreme because of course this is
not gonna protect your Apple watch from
extreme type of activities but if I know
that I'm gonna go out somewhere where I
may be doing quite a bit of movement I
don't know maybe I'll wear it but other
than that if you did enjoy this video
let me know by hitting that like button
and also if you're not yet follow me on
social media like Twitter Instagram
Facebook Google+ all of my links are
down below in the description I'm really
active on Instagram and Twitter so go
ahead and follow me on those if you have
a question or anything if you want to
chat and lastly if you feel like being
awesome go ahead and hit that subscribe
button that way you'll be notified when
I come out with all of my future videos
anyways guys thanks a lot for watching
and let me know what you want to see
next alright peace